AI #1520: Address editorial refinements to Metadata specification (#1521)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/metadata/dataset_instance/dataset_instance_name.md

The human-readable name of the dataset instance as provided by the data generator.

The DatasetInstanceName property adheres to the following requirements:

* Dataset Instance Name MUST be provided in the dataset instance metadata.

> * Dataset Instance Name MUST be of type String and MUST NOT contain null values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DatasetInstanceName MUST be provided in the dataset instance metadata.
* DatasetInstanceName MUST be of type String.
* DatasetInstanceName MUST NOT be null.
```

Reviewer: Addressed via separate commit.  Resolving.
